Punch it!
Three more cabinet
ministers just resigned.
Snap elections. then.
A lot of people feel
it's too risky
in times like these.
If you were nominated to lead
us. again. would you serve?
Your mother is alive.
She wasn't trying
to kill herself.
She was trying to escape.
No! No!
Your ships
will rendezvous
with the Serrio Mal
and the Koto.
and together you will intercept
and engage the Rocinante.
- You have your orders.
- They make no sense.
You pledged your loyalty
and the lives of your
faction to Marco Inaros.
You know what happens
when someone
goes against Marco.
We'll be killed.
Tell
James Holden I am in...control.
If it is intentional.
why be so cryptic?
Why not just come out
and say what's going on?
All we can do is
get there as fast as we can.
We're a lot closer
than the Roci.
We'll get there first.
No...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I need access
to the nav and combat logs.
I wanna review the tracking
data on the Zmeya
and any other ship that
could have been close enough
for a cargo transfer.
'cause I'm just not buying
this whole self-destruct thing.
Sorry. but we've got
bigger fucking fish to fry.
- Problem?
- Yeah.
- What am I looking at?
- These.
Gotta give the Mickies credit.
This is one smart ship.
I wouldn't even have
noticed them.
but the ship popped them
onto my threat board.
The Roci recognized
the hull types.
A heavy frigate
and a patrol destroyer
with no transponder
and no IFF.
The other three
look like salvage tugs.
but heavily armed.
Looks like we got
a skinny hunting party.
Nice language.
Two Martian warships.
and three armed Belter ships.
They have to belong
to Marco Inaros.
Shit.
That Frigate alone has
got double our missile load.
Well. can we win?
You want
a tactical breakdown?
No. we can't win.
The ship's low
on PDC ammunition.
and we're badly outgunned.
We have a railgun.
By the time we're in
effective range.
we'll have been
overwhelmed with missiles
we can't shoot down.
So we have to run.
All ships. all ships.
Serrio Mal.
Vector for final. acknowledge.
Mowteng acknowledge.
DeWalt acknowledge.
Tynan acknowledge.
Koto here. troops hot.
PDCs hot. ready for kill.
Koto.
You defensive priority.
I will take
fire control.
Fine.
You don't have to be
here to watch it happen.
I don't look away
from what I do.
- Camina.
- Captain now. Camina later.
DeWalt and Mowteng.
this is Drummer.
Give me full weapons check.
Tynan. DeWalt.
Torpedo. guidance locked.
Ready to go. Captain.
She will not let me
help her after this.
That will move to you.
You really believe
there is an after ke.
after this?
I have to.
We've been burning hard
since Tycho.
We're running low
on reaction mass.
We can't run.
We have to...
Sit here
and wait to die?
Fuck that.
Marco has already
tried to destroy
this ship once.
It's a symbol for him.
He won't let us get away now.
The only reason
we're here is because
you decided to
go after your girlfriend.
I'll accept my level
of responsibility.
But Marco Inaros
killed millions on Earth.
He murdered Fred.
He started a war.
That's why we're here.
God damn it.
Getting killed before
we get to fight really sucks.
We can do both.
Help save my friends
and give him his war.
Make ourselves the only thing
these assholes can see.
You mean
burn every scrap of fuel
and go after them.
Empty our fucking magazines
right in their faces.
They wanted a fight.
We'll give them one.
And give my friends
a chance to get away.
I'll do it for Fred.
Alex. we picked up a tail.
Five ships.
If the Chetzemoka
was just a trap
to draw the Rocinante out.
well. we're in it now.
- No getting out.
- Christ.
So while we
deal with these ships.
you'll have to go on alone.
Get Naomi.
We'll buy you
every second we can.
Rocinante out.
Shit. Alex.
I'm sorry.
Copy that loud
and clear. Rocinante.
We'll get her back. Jim.
Go give 'em hell.
Heads up.
I'm gonna put the spurs
to her a bit.
Copy that.
Hang on. Naomi.
We're coming.
The Chetzemoka
just changed course.
It's in a spiral.
At least it's not
running away from us now.
Port bow thruster fired.
One short burst.
Weird.
Probably a malfunction.
Have you lost your mind?
We can't dock with it now.
If the Chet fires another
maneuvering thruster...
We only saw one.
Had to be a malfunction.
And what if it has
another malfunction?
We have a broken
maneuvering thruster.
You'll be trying to dock two
damaged ships in a high-G turn.
The breaking burn
will be hellish.
We're already
juiced to the gills.
We could stroke out.
If anything goes wrong. it'll
rip the docking bridge apart.
Or worse.
slam the two ships together.
Naomi is on that ship.
I'm gonna get her.
That's that.
They're moving
into a spread formation.
Spreading out like that
is good tactics.
At least one of these skinnies
is not an idiot.
Be grateful.
It actually works
for us right now.
And that's the last time
you use that word on this ship.
Excuse me?
I know you're
pissed about Fred
and psyching yourself up
for the fight.
but leave that
"skinnies" shit out of it.
Duly noted.
Adjust course
to the center of the formation.
I'm targeting all five.
The second I start launching.
take us up to max burn for
as long as the fuel holds out.
We'll go right past them.
Spreading
the love around.
lot less likely
we hit anything.
The smartest sk...
the smartest Belters are
probably on that frigate.
Better to throw
most of what we got at them.
The goal is to fly
through them
and to buy as much time
as we can for the Razorback.
We're not trying to win.
I'd rather win.
Don't even twitch.
Shut up.
This won't help
your Earther friends.
but you know what it will do...
Another word
and you die.
Torpedo hit!
Drive is out!
Reactor shutting down!
What the fuck?
It's go time!
Fire!
- They're firing at each other!
- Good. let's help!
Get ready to come about!
DeWalt! Mowteng!
Fire! Fire now!
Mowteng. this is Drummer.
Disengage!
Let me go!
She's dead.
Tynan! Koto!
What the fuck are you doing?
Do not let him move.
I'm sorry.
Koto. Tynan.
We had a malfunction
in fire control.
We need immediate assistance.
I want to speak to Karal.
Karal has been injured.
This is Drummer.
I repeat.
we need immediate assistance.
Destroyer's out of it.
Approaching target lock
on the heavy.
Josep. what are you doing?
What we should've done before.
Josep!
No!
Nice to see these
Belters stab each other
in the back instead of us
for once.
Neither of the Belter ships
are targeting us anymore.
I can't wait
to hear this story.
Belter hostiles.
this is Rocinante.
Shut down your reactors
and stand down immediately
or we will engage.
Acknowledge.
Holden.
This is Drummer.
Naomi. if you can
hear me. hang tight!
Come hell or high water.
we're gonna find a way to dock
and get you off that ship!
Alex.
Brave idiot.
No.
Shit.
See me. Alex. please.
See me.
That's close enough.
Now for the tricky part.
Alex. hold on a second.
I've almost got
a docking approach figured out.
- I need to make this happen.
- Something fell off the Chet.
Fell off?
Like what?
It was small.
If the drive wasn't
lighting up the background.
I never would've seen it.
- Oh. my God.
- Shit.
What is she doing?
Those are Belter
emergency hand signals.
"My radio is out."
So no radio.
That's "low air."
Damn it.
I think that one means "ship."
And that one?
"Explosion hazard.
Do not approach."
The ship is
circling her.
We can't avoid it.
Fuck.
Thank you.
Alex.
I'm sorry
I called you an idiot.
Naomi. stop fighting me.
I need to get this
O2 bottle connected.
I know.
Hold still.
There.
There you go.
Breathe in.
Hang onto me.
Stand by. Razorback.
I'm still getting us
out of this spin.
Easy does it.
All right. we are clear
of the Chetzemoka's path.
I've got her.
Moving to rendezvous.
Copy that. on my way.
Is she okay?
Not sure.
I got the air attached.
and she's breathing. anyway.
I'm fine.
I'm fine now.
Razorback.
I have your visual.
Naomi appears
hypoxic and dehydrated.
She'll need fluids right away.
Have the auto-doc ready.
Looks like she's got
radiation burns too.
Bring her on in.
That was one hell of a ride.
Does Holden know we got her?
What is the Roci's ETA?
Alex. do you copy?
Alex. reply!
Do you read me?
Alex!
Tynan. DeWalt. and Mowteng.
all are now on the float.
Still no signal
from Koto or Serrio Mal.
Transponder from both are gone.
And the Rocinante?
Rocinante is under thrust.
heading for Chetzemoka.
I need to speak to Karal.
We send three tight-beams.
all to Drummer ship.
Nothing come back.
- Then send again!
- Yes. bosmang.
Locate Serge Kailo.
Serge.
Captain.
I need to send
a message to Drummer
and I need your help.
Could you please meet me
on deck six?
Aye. Captain.
On my way.
What happened?
Our trap
for the Chetzemoka failed.
And we lost two gunships
in the process.
We were betrayed.
You have no feelings on it?
Why would I?
You're not upset.
There is no point
to anger now.
We tried to kill them.
We didn't.
It doesn't alter your plan.
We still have more to do.
You've grown.
I'm happy to see it.
We heard from Alex's ex.
She wants to handle
the funeral arrangements.
He'll receive
full military honors.
It was a stroke.
It's a risk we all take
with every hard burn.
He died saving me
from my mistakes.
Immediately after
taking the oath of office.
the Secretary General invoked
the Emergency Powers provision
of the Charter.
placing Earth and Luna
under martial law
until the situation
is stabilized.
To the good and law-abiding
people of the Belt:
we are not at war with you.
but to Marco...
Hey. Sergeant.
You know about guns and PDCs
and torpedoes
and things like that?
Well. it's a load
of complicated jargon to me.
and I could use your help
deciphering it.
Sure.
What do you got?
These are the logs
from our battle with the Zmeya.
You did all this
before taking on five enemies?
Yeah.
This is a tough little ship.
- What are you looking for?
- I'm not sure.
Bull.
What's up?
I need you
to fire up a missile.
Good thing we kept
a couple in the pocket. then.
What are we shooting at. Cap?
I'll tell you.
So where do we go from here?
Luna makes the most sense.
Amos is already there.
What about
your parents. are they...
They're all okay.
and on their way to Luna too.
Avasarala sent a shuttle
right to the ranch.
On Luna she could
have me arrested
as a war criminal.
You were a prisoner.
not a collaborator.
You know more about
Marco and the Free Navy
than anyone in the system.
Avasarala will
grant you immunity.
You've earned it.
It'll all be all right.
That was easier to believe
when I was the one saying it.
My message.
The one I sent
before I reached Pallas.
"If something
goes wrong"...
I didn't play it.
Not even after... why?
I couldn't.
It would've meant
you were gone.
I wasn't ready to accept that.
I keep thinking
of things I wish I'd said
before I left.
And if you're
listening to this.
I may not make it
back to say them. so...
Thank you for the time
we were together.
And for letting me
take my own risks.
It means more
than you can know.
What we had together.
our odd little family
on the Roci. it was good.
Truly good.
But people come into our lives
and they go out.
Families change.
It can be hard and sad.
but we bear it.
as long as we don't
shut ourselves off
from the new.
wonderful things that come.
and I know there will be more
wonderful things for you.
You can let me go.
It will all be all right.
I will love you
and Amos and Alex
for as long as I love anything.
But mostly you.
Don't waste that.
Take what we had
and build on it.
In that way.
I'll still be there.
Please. please.
Just let me send them
a message.
There's been a mistake.
There has to be
some other explanation.
Drummer would never do
what you said!
She pledged her loyalty.
We all did!
We are loyal to you...
No. don't!
I told him not to go. but
Serge. he wanted to be there.
You lied to me.
And you knew
this would be the cost.
There was no other way.
At least now we can
choose our own path.
I'm leaving.
I will take the Mowteng.
I go with you.
Josep. let's go.
I'm staying here.
There is nowhere any
of us can hide from this now.
But we can still stay together.
We have nothing
to stay together for.
The Puer Stella
is now docked
at Terminal Three.
Berth F-06.
It's a lot of new people.
I guess it feels safer being on
the moon than being on Earth.
Imagine that.
How's Hutch?
She'll live to steal
another day.
These colony ships
could be a real opportunity.
New planets.
no cops or security.
a lot of money to be made.
- New corners to carve out?
- I do what I know.
There's a place for you.
if you want it.
No. thanks.
It was fun
working with you again.
The Rocinante
is now docked at...
I got my own thing now.
If you change your mind...
I won't.
But I will have
a drink with you.
Oh. shit!
A little help!
- The bottle!
Fuck it.
It's good to see you.
brother.
It's good to be seen.
It's good to see you too. boss.
Yeah.
I know how close
you two were.
- I'm so sorry.
- Why?
It's not your fault.
Losing a friend...
Making the choice
to hold your ground
to save your family?
As far as last stands go.
that's the one I'd pick.
He picked it too.
I called him a brave idiot.
There's worse things to be.
Let's get you settled in.
Actually. I'm gonna
need a minute to talk. Captain.
Just you and me.
Take your time.
What's on your mind?
I'm gonna need a favor.
Sure.
You threatened to kill me once.
You mean when the Martians
were boarding us?
That was a lifetime ago.
Yeah. I was gonna kill them
because I didn't wanna
end up in a Martian gulag.
You lined up on me.
You said that you would
put me down if I tried.
Did you mean that?
I did. but a lot's
changed since then...
So even though
you were gonna kill me then.
now we've got
each other's backs. right?
There's no hard feelings.
Of course.
We're family now.
Well. all right.
We're good!
She's gonna ride with us
for a little while.
She's gonna need a new ID.
but I think I got that covered.
I know a guy.
Thank you for being cool
about this.
Hi.
Peaches. come on up!
You have a lot of
debriefings in your future.
Talking about Marco.
Can't say I'm looking
forward to that.
She's come a long way.
Haven't we all?
Ma'am?
Excuse me.
It suits you.
Ma'am.
I heard about your husband.
I am truly sorry.
He would've been
happy to know
that you were at my side.
I am sorry for your loss
as well.
Come. Bobbie.
Allow me to introduce
former MMC Gunnery Sergeant
Roberta Draper.
My new liaison.
- Hello.
- It's an honor. Sergeant.
Hi.
So does this mean we joined up?
We're an independent ship.
We don't fly anyone's flag.
That's right.
But this isn't a fight
we can stay out of.
I want you all
to take a good look around.
This is what
Marco Inaros hates.
This is what he is afraid of.
Why he tried so hard
to destroy you and your ship.
All we have to do now
is turn every Belter.
Martian. and Earther into this.
This how we win.
You must always have
a knife in the darkness.
When I was your age.
this wasn't even a dream.
It was unthinkable.
And now. for you and for
generations of Belters to come.
it will be something
that happened.
I made this happen.
Holden. you need to see this.
We didn't destroy
all of the Zmeya's torpedoes.
We missed one.
It looks like
the Roci lost track.
It happens.
Good evasion by the missile.
The PDCs shifting
to a more immediate threat.
Then why didn't it hit us?
I'll tell you why.
because it wasn't aiming at us.
It was aiming away from us
and away from the sun
when we lost it.
It could've been a misfire.
Sure. but if it wasn't.
is it possible
the protomolecule sample
was on that torpedo?
Yes.
It's possible.
Come with me
and don't make a fuss of it.
Come on.
What's going on?
I don't have
all the details yet.
but there's been another attack
at the Ring.
Our ships were struck
by a massive micro-meteor cloud
as the attack began.
All three sustained
significant damage.
The rocks may have been
stealth-coated.
Fuck.
What's the transmission delay?
Almost three hours.
We lost the Sagarmatha.
Those missiles
came from inside the Ring.
We never should have
trusted them.
Medina Station must be
coordinating with Marco.
Multiple new contacts incoming.
They're MCRN.
Yes!
That's the Barkeith.
You mean they're Inaros ships?
Wait. hold on.
Based on the drive signatures.
it looks like several of them
were previously reported lost
by the MCRN
in engagements
with Inaros forces.
Marco!
Marco Inaros!
The Martian ships
are transiting the Sol Ring.
An entire fleet
of Martians gone rogue.
in league with Inaros.
That's impossible.
It's madness.
He may have bought them.
How?
With the protomolecule.
There's a possibility
the sample
wasn't destroyed
with the Zmeya.
Why would Martians
take protomolecule
through the Ring
after what it did on Ilus?
Maybe they know
something we don't.
And on behalf
of Admiral Duarte.
I would like to extend
our congratulations
on a well-fought victory.
Tell the Admiral he has
the protection
of the Free Navy.
and that Laconia
is yours and your heirs.
from this time forward.
with our gratitude.
I will.
Please note the mine field
on our side of the Ring
is now active.
To prevent any unauthorized
transits in the future.
Of course.
You have your system.
We have ours.
This is to confirm
that the sample arrived safely.
We are already seeing
beautiful results.
By the time you arrive.
I hope to be ready
for third phase construction.
I am confident that
the structures are stable.
and I believe. still intact.
With enough time
and proper equipment.
I have no doubt
that I will be able
to decipher
the control patterns.
Even with the sample in...
I've been waiting for
this moment for a long time.
...underground
structures all over the planet.
They're all interconnected.
just like Ilus.
Fleet. Barkeith.
Approaching Laconia Ring.
Transit vectors are set
for clear passage.
You understand that what
we're doing changes things.
Of course.
On Laconia.
we won't have a civilian world
to cushion us if we fall.
Dishonorable discharge
will be a bullet or worse.
We have to be more pure now
than Mars ever was.
One mind.
One cause.
That's right.
No more bending the rules.
No more overlooking
even the smallest infraction.
Is that bracelet dress code.
Lieutenant?
No. sir.
It's just a keepsake.
It belonged to my mother.
Barkeith.
you are go for transit.
Fleet. Barkeith. acknowledged.
Ring transit in
three. two. o...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org